Assignment - React - Components, State, Props

Q: What is React Js?
A: ReactJS, also known as React, is an open-source JavaScript library for building user interfaces.
   It is used by many companies to create complex and dynamic user interfaces. React is often used in
   conjunction with other libraries and frameworks, such as Redux and React Router.

Q: What is NPM in React Js?
A: NPM stands for Node Package Manager. Which helps to manage the node packages for you application. 
   All the packages/modules of the React are node packages, So you will be adding/installing 
   packages or modules using NPM for Rect application.

Q: What is Role of Node Js in react Js?
A: Node is the most popular platform for hosting and running web servers for React apps.
   Node.js is a server-side JavaScript environment that can be used to create back-end applications.
   React is a front-end JavaScript library that can be used to create user interfaces.

Q: What is CLI command In React Js?
A: js and React. The CLI will be used to create a Node.js microservice project. 
   A CLI command in React JS is a text-based command that can be used to execute a specific task.
   For example, the command create-react-app can be used to create a new React project.

Q: What is Components in React Js?
A: Components are the building blocks of React applications. They are isolated,
   reusable pieces of code that can be used to create complex UIs. Components can be written as functions or classes,
   but functional components are the preferred style for most applications.

Q: What is Header and Content Components in React Js?
A: Header and Content Components in React Js are two important components that are used to create the user interface of a web application.
   The header component is used to display the name of the application, the current user, and any other relevant information.
   The content component is used to display the main content of the application.

Q: How to install React Js on Windows, Linux Operating System? How to install NPM and How to check version of NPM?
A: For Windows:
   Step1: Install Node.js and npm
   Step2: Install Create React App
   Step3: Create a New React Project
   Step4: Go to the Project Directory and Start the Development Server

   For Linux:
   Step1: Install npm
   ->Login to your server as a sudo user and run the following command:
      => sudo apt install npm

   ->Once the installation is complete, verify the version of npm installed using the command:

      => npm --version
	
   ->The installation of npm also installs Node.js. Confirm the version of Node installed using the command:

      => node --version

   Step2: Install create-react-app utility
   ->create-react-app is a utility that allows you to set up all the tools required for a React application.
     It saves time and effort by setting everything up from scratch, giving you a head start.
     To install the tool, run the following npm command:

      => sudo npm -g install create-react-app

   ->Once installed, confirm the version of create-react-app by running:

      => create-react-app --version
   Step3: Create and launch your first React application
   ->Creating a React application is simple and straightforward. We will create a React app called my-app as follows:

      =>create-react-app my-app

   ->This process takes about 5 minutes to install all the packages, libraries, and tools needed by the application. Patience is key.
     If the application was created successfully, you’ll receive a notification with the basic commands you can run to start managing the application.
     To run the application, navigate into the app directory:

      =>cd my-app

   ->Then run the command:

      =>npm start

Q: How to check version of React Js?
A: -> Open the package.json file.: The React version should be listed under the dependencies section.
   -> Navigate to the node_modules/react/cjs/react.development.js file.: The version can be checked under the comment section.
   -> Open the Developer Tools in your browser.: Go to the Source Tab and check your appName .js file. Search for "react" or "react-dom". You will find the version your react-app is using.
   -> Use the react-version npm package.: Run the following command in your terminal:
        =>" npm ls react-version "
      This will output the React version that is installed in your project.

Q: How to change in components of React Js?
A: To change the state of a component in React, you can use the setState() method.
   The setState() method takes two arguments: a callback function and a time interval in milliseconds.





